chore(pie-text-input): DSW-2023 rename component (#1462)
justeattakeaway/pie: packages/components/pie-text-input/README.md

7. [Slots](#slots)
8. [Contributing](#contributing)

## pie-text-input

`pie-text-input` is a Web Component built using the Lit library.

This component can be easily integrated into various frontend frameworks and customized through a set of properties.

## Installation

To install `pie-text-input` in your application, run the following on your command line:

```bash
# npm
$ npm i @justeattakeaway/pie-text-input

# yarn

> $ yarn add @justeattakeaway/pie-text-input

Reviewer: Should we have a note  mentioning that versions older than the next one will be only available under the previous package name?

Author: Just pushed a change @fernandofranca, what do you think>

7. [Slots](#slots)
8. [Contributing](#contributing)

## pie-text-input

`pie-text-input` is a Web Component built using the Lit library.

This component can be easily integrated into various frontend frameworks and customized through a set of properties.

## Installation

To install `pie-text-input` in your application, run the following on your command line:

> _Note: Older versions of this component were named `pie-input`._

Reviewer 2: Nice addition, I think including the version number would be helpful though.
```suggestion
_Note: Versions of this component prior to v0.19.0 were named `pie-input`._
```

Author: I agree but I thought we can't tell what version it'll be until its merged as there are other PRs that also raise the version number

Author: i.e. it might end up being versions prior `0.19.2`
